Web v4 updates (#3391)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/archive/appboyBridge.md

| `appboyBridge.getUser().setLanguage(language)`                                              | Set a user's language. Introduced in Android SDK v5.0.0 and Web SDK v2.6.0. [JS Docs](https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/latest/doc/ab.User.html#setLanguage "JavaScript documentation for setLanguage")                                                                                                    |
| `appboyBridge.getUser().setCustomLocationAttribute(key, latitude, longitude)`               | Set a custom location attribute. Introduced in Android SDK v5.0.0. [JS Docs](https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/latest/doc/ab.User.html#setCustomLocationAttribute "JavaScript documentation for setCustomLocationAttribute method")                                                                                                            |

> | ~`appboyBridge.web.trackLocation()`~                                   | This method is deprecated as of Web SDK v4.0.0. Request and track a user's location (web only). This method is a no-op when called in a non-web environment. [JS Docs](https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/latest/doc/modules/braze.html#tracklocation "JavaScript documentation for trackLocation method")                              |

Reviewer: method not found in module/braze

Author: which link? https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/latest/doc/modules/braze.html#tracklocation this works for me

Reviewer: The track location link, the link works, but doesn't actually open and show the track location method.

Author: ```suggestion
| ~`appboyBridge.web.trackLocation()`~                                   | This method is deprecated as of Web SDK v4.0.0. Request and track a user's location (web only). This method is a no-op when called in a non-web environment. [JS Docs](https://js.appboycdn.com/web-sdk/3.5/doc/modules/braze.html#tracklocation "JavaScript documentation for trackLocation method")                              |
```
